OWASP api security (#1287)
input-output-hk/cardano-wallet: specifications/api/security.md

but deleteLoose that could affect the DB is used with two values only :
```
deleteLoose "tx_in"
deleteLoose "tx_out"
```
So it is secure too.

**Conclusion** : Sqlite impl of DBLayer is resistant from direct injection intrusion (so called First Order Attack) because of escape of any character measure adopted in persitent library in the methods we use throught our code. The only use of raw execution does not allow to inject any text from input parameters, hence is immune from this kind of attacks.

If cardano-wallet API part will become part of other component that will be deployed publicly, it would be good to consider creating restrictive user as a consequence of principle of least authority (POLA) - ie., user/processes in the system will be given only those permissions needed to its job, no more, no less. So, if we identify that user does need to DROP/DELETE then we could add something like that upon DB creation:
```
CREATE USER restricted_api_user PASSWORD 'password';
GRANT SELECT, INSERT ON table1, table2 TO restricted_api_user;
```

### OWASP risk : Improper Assets Management

> **Conclusion**: Each endpoint, its corresponding inputs and outputs is documented, and upadted upon development in https://input-output-hk.github.io/cardano-wallet/api/edge/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Conclusion**: Each endpoint, its corresponding inputs and outputs is documented, and updated upon development in https://input-output-hk.github.io/cardano-wallet/api/edge/
```

Author: corrected

2. Check what happens when the instance is long lived when it comes to logs.

Logging is emitted to stdout and there is no way to change it now being the user of cardano-wallet. Daedalus, using cardano-wallet inside, realizes rotation based logging itself. It is set, user cannot control it. Moreover, it includes also logs from its layer. Some users, though, use cardano-wallet without Daedalus.

**Conclusions** : Logs land to stdout, which has its pros and cons (it can be lost when terminal is set and by definition is less persistant). It would be good to add option for rotation, and embrace possibilities of iohk-monitoring-framework : https://github.com/input-output-hk/iohk-monitoring-framework/blob/bea0e079fc32ed316ce352d17d14199a680e3f6c/iohk-monitoring/src/Cardano/BM/Data/Rotation.lhs#L29
Maybe it is even good to set this as default - users with problems could then immediately share logs with us.

### OWASP risk : Security Misconfiguration

1. Misconfigured HTTP headers

> Even is API is standalone piece of software, we need to think how it will behave being a part of HTML application. And here, XSS attacks against web browser clients can be realized. In order to avoid it a number of measures can be taken :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if the API is a standalone piece of software, we need to think how it will behave as part of an HTML application. And here, XSS attacks against web browser clients can be realized. In order to avoid it a number of measures can be taken:
```

Author: corrected
